# Mobile Application End User License Agreement

This Mobile Application End User License Agreement ("**Agreement**") is
a binding agreement between you ("**End User**" or "**you**") and
LYRASIS, with offices located at 1438 West Peachtree Street, NW, Suite
150, Atlanta, Georgia, 30309 ("**Company**"). This Agreement governs
your use of the Palace Project mobile application, (including all
related documentation, the "**Application**"). The Application is
licensed, not sold, to you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, software
having a separate end user license agreement shall be covered by that
separate end user license agreement and shall be expressly excluded from
the definition of Application.

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE APPLICATION, YOU (A)
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT; (B)
REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT;
AND (C) ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY BOUND BY
ITS TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL,
OR USE THE APPLICATION AND DELETE IT FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.

We may revise and update this Agreement from time to time in our sole
discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and
apply to all access to and use of the Application thereafter. Your
continued use of the Application following the posting of revised terms
means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to
check these terms each time you use this Application so you are aware of
any changes, as they are binding on you.

1.  <u>License Grant</u>. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
    Company grants you a limited, non-exclusive, and nontransferable
    license to download, install, and use the Application for your
    personal, non-commercial use on a single mobile device owned or
    otherwise controlled by you ("**Mobile Device**") strictly in
    accordance with the Application's documentation. Use of the
    Application is void where prohibited. Individuals under the age of
    13 are not permitted to use the Application without the supervision
    of a parent or legal guardian.

2.  <u>License Restrictions</u>. Licensee shall not:

    1.  copy the Application, except as expressly permitted by this
        license;

    2.  modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create derivative works
        or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Application;

    3.  reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, or otherwise
        attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the
        Application or any part thereof;

    4.  remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any
        copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or
        proprietary rights notices from the Application, including any
        copy thereof;

    5.  rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute,
        publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the Application,
        or any features or functionality of the Application, to any
        third party for any reason, including by making the Application
        available on a network where it is capable of being accessed by
        more than one device at any time; or

    6.  remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement
        any workaround to any copy protection, rights management, or
        security features in or protecting the Application; or

    7.  use the Application to communicate any message or material that
        is harassing, libelous, threatening, obscene, indecent, would
        violate the intellectual property rights of any party or is
        otherwise unlawful, that would give rise to civil liability, or
        that constitutes or encourages conduct that could constitute a
        criminal offense, under any applicable law or regulation;

    8.  engage in any activity or use the Application in any manner that
        could damage, disable, overburden, impair or otherwise interfere
        with or disrupt the Application, or any servers or networks
        connected to the Application or Company’s security systems;

    9.  use the Application in violation of any Company policy or in a
        manner that violates applicable law, including but not limited
        to anti-spam, export control, privacy, and anti-terrorism laws
        and regulations, and you agree that you are solely responsible
        for compliance with all such laws and regulations; or

    10. use the Application in, or in association with, the design,
        construction, maintenance, or operation of any hazardous
        environments or systems, including any power generation systems;
        aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic
        control systems, or any other transport management systems;
        safety-critical applications, including medical or life-support
        systems, vehicle operation applications or any police, fire, or
        other safety response systems; and military or aerospace
        applications, weapons systems, or environments.

3.  <u>Reservation of Rights</u>. You acknowledge and agree that the
    Application is provided under license, and not sold, to you. You do
    not acquire any ownership interest in the Application under this
    Agreement, or any other rights thereto other than to use the
    Application in accordance with the license granted, and subject to
    all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under this Agreement.
    Company and its licensors and service providers reserve and shall
    retain their entire right, title, and interest in and to the
    Application, including all copyrights, trademarks, and other
    intellectual property rights therein or relating thereto, except as
    expressly granted to you in this Agreement.

4.  <u>Modification</u>. Company may modify any of the terms and
    conditions contained in this Agreement at any time and at Company’s
    sole discretion. From time to time, Company, or third parties may
    automatically update or otherwise modify the Application, including,
    but not limited to, for purposes of enhancement of security
    functions, error correction and improvement of functions, at such
    time as you interact with Company’s or third parties’ servers, or
    otherwise. Such updates or modifications may delete or change the
    nature of the features or other aspects of the Application,
    including functions you may rely upon. You hereby agree that such
    activities may occur at Company’s sole discretion and that Company
    may condition continued use of the Application upon your complete
    installation or acceptance of such update or modifications. Any
    updates/modifications shall be deemed to be, and shall constitute
    part of, the Application for purposes of this Agreement. By
    acceptance of this Agreement, you consent to such
    update/modification. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU,
    YOUR SOLE RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT BY DISCONTINUING
    USE OF THE APPLICATION AND REMOVING IT FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE. YOUR
    CONTINUED USAGE OF THE APPLICATION AND/OR CONTENT FOLLOWING
    COMPANY’S MODIFICATION CONSTITUTES YOUR IRREVOCABLE AND BINDING
    ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE. You understand and agree that the
    Application, or any content accessible via the Application, might
    become unavailable for a number of reasons, including an operational
    glitch, a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) takedown
    request, or a decision on our end to terminate your account.

5.  <u>End User Terms Required by Adobe</u>. The Application contains
    Adobe DRM (“**Adobe Software**”), which is provided to you via a
    license arrangement with Adobe Systems Incorporated (“**Adobe”),** a
    Delaware corporation having a place of business at 345 Park Avenue,
    San Jose, CA 95110-2704, and with WebQEM pty Ltd (“**Adobe
    Supplier**”), a corporation having a place of business at 59
    Backland Road, Atlanta, GA 30342. As a condition of that license,
    you agree to be bound by the specific terms of this subsection. This
    subsection limits your use of the Adobe Software, and also requires
    you to use the Adobe License Signing Service (“**Adobe Servic**e”),
    and comply with its terms, when using the Adobe Software. You agree
    as follows:

    1.  <u>No Modification or Reverse Engineering</u>. You specifically
        acknowledge and agree that other than as expressly set forth in
        this Agreement, you shall not modify, port, adapt or translate
        the Adobe Software or its documentation. You will not
        reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt
        to derive the source code of the Adobe Software not supplied to
        you in source code form. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
        decompiling the Adobe Software is permitted to the extent that
        the laws of a jurisdiction give you the right to do so to obtain
        information necessary to render the Adobe Software interoperable
        with other software; provided, however, that you must first
        request such information from Adobe or the Adobe Supplier, and
        Adobe or the Adobe Supplier may, in their discretion, either
        provide such information to you or impose reasonable conditions,
        including a reasonable fee, on such use of the Adobe Software to
        ensure that Adobe and the Adobe Supplier’s proprietary rights in
        the Adobe Software are protected.

    2.  <u>Proprietary Notices</u>. You agree that as a condition of
        your rights hereunder, each copy of the Adobe Software and its
        documentation shall contain the same proprietary notices of
        Adobe, the Adobe Supplier, and their suppliers that appear in
        such Adobe Software or documentation provided by the Adobe
        Supplier, and as otherwise may be reasonably required by the
        Adobe Supplier.

    3.  <u>Ownership</u>. Adobe, the Adobe Supplier, and their suppliers
        are the sole and exclusive owners of all rights, title and
        interest, including all trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade
        names, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights in
        and to the Adobe Software. Except for the rights expressly
        granted in this Agreement, you are not granted any rights to
        patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks
        (whether or not registered), or any other rights, franchises or
        licenses with respect to the Adobe Software or its
        documentation, and you agree that you will not exceed the scope
        of the licenses granted herein. There are no implied licenses
        granted under this Agreement, and all rights not expressly
        granted to you in this Agreement are reserved.

    4.   <u>Log-In Information</u>. To gain access to and use the Adobe
        Service, you may be required to create an ID and password or
        other log-in ID and password issued by Adobe (“Log-In
        Information”). You are responsible for all activity occurring
        under your Log-In Information, and you must keep your Log-In
        Information confidential and not share your Log-In Information
        with third parties. Adobe has no obligation or responsibility
        with regard to your use, distribution, disclosure, or management
        of Log-In Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Adobe may
        require you to change your Log-In Information if such Log-In
        Information is inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement.

    5.  <u>The Adobe Service</u>. You will use the Adobe Software only
        when the Adobe Software is integrated with the Adobe Service.
        You agree that Adobe will collect, transmit and use the eBook
        Transaction Data to provide the Adobe Service and to enable
        billing under the applicable pricing models. You have adequate
        rights to allow Adobe, for such collection, use and sharing of
        eBook Transaction Data. eBook Transaction Data means all the
        data required to provide the Adobe Service, for digital content,
        primarily eBooks; which shall include but is not limited to the
        Adobe Software version, fulfillment ID, transaction type
        (permanent or expiring), eBook metadata like geo, subscription
        ID, price, currency, epub version, resource type (epub/PDF), or
        users Internet Protocol.

6.  <u>Collection and Use of Your Information</u>. You acknowledge that
    when you download, install, or use the Application, Company may use
    automatic means (including, for example, cookies and web beacons) to
    collect information about your mobile device and about your use of
    the Application. You also may be required to provide certain
    information about yourself as a condition to downloading,
    installing, or using the Application or certain of its features or
    functionality, and the Application may provide you with
    opportunities to share information about yourself with others. All
    information we collect through or in connection with this
    Application is subject to our Privacy Policy, as may be updated from
    time to time, the most recent version of which is available via the
    Application. By downloading, installing, using, and providing
    information to or through this Application, you consent to all
    actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance
    with the Privacy Policy.

7.   <u>Geographic Restrictions</u>. The Application is provided for
    access and use only by persons located in the United States. You
    acknowledge that you may not be able to access all or some of the
    Application outside of the United States and that access thereto may
    not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you
    access the Application from outside the United States, you are
    responsible for compliance with local laws.

8.  <u>Use of eBook Content Accessed Using the Application</u>

    1.  <u>Multiple Providers; Multiple Licenses</u>. The Application is
        designed to be a platform for digital content provided by your
        local library from multiple sources (“**Content**”). To access
        and read Content using the Application, you must register an
        account with a participating library (a “**Provider**”) and
        agree to its terms and conditions of service.

    2.  <u>Authorized Use</u>. You agree to use Content only for your
        own personal, non-commercial use in the United States consistent
        with the copyright and other intellectual property laws which
        apply to such Content, except where otherwise allowed as
        described in subsections (c) and (d) below. The Content is
        licensed, not sold, and no ownership rights in the Content are
        transferred to you at any time. You acknowledge and warrant that
        nothing in this Agreement gives you right, title, or interest in
        the Content.

    3.  <u>Responsibility for Terms</u>. You are solely responsible for
        reading and agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of your
        Provider and its associated Distributors *before* using Content.
        For your convenience only, you can find links to some
        Distributor’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policies in the
        Content Licenses. You acknowledge that any information provided
        in this section may not reflect the current or accurate terms
        governing your relationship with Distributors. We encourage you
        to check regularly for updates to these terms.

    4.  <u>Additional Information</u>. More detailed information about
        the copyright protection and use restrictions of Content can
        typically be found in the “About,” “Imprint,” or “Copyright”
        sections of an eBook. For general information about copyright,
        fair use, public domain, and related topics, you may
        consult <http://www.copyright.gov/>.

9.  <u>Updates</u>. Company may from time to time in its sole discretion
    develop and provide Application updates, which may include upgrades,
    bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features
    (collectively, including related documentation, "**Updates**").
    Updates may also modify or delete in their entirety certain features
    and functionality. You agree that Company has no obligation to
    provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any
    particular features or functionality. Based on your Mobile Device
    settings, when your Mobile Device is connected to the internet
    either:

    1.  the Application will automatically download and install all
        available Updates; or

    2.  you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install
        available Updates.

    You shall promptly download and install all Updates and acknowledge and
    agree that the Application or portions thereof may not properly operate
    should you fail to do so. You further agree that all Updates will be
    deemed part of the Application and be subject to all terms and
    conditions of this Agreement.

10. <u>Usage Data</u>. You acknowledge and understand that in connection
    with your use of the Application certain information regarding your
    use of the Application may be transmitted to Company and its
    suppliers (“**Usage Data**”). This Usage Data may be collected and
    used by Company and its suppliers to provide support services to
    you, to better tailor the Application to your use, to improve the
    Application generally, and for research and development purposes.
    You hereby consent to such activities. All Usage Data collection is
    subject to Company’s Privacy Policy.

11. <u>Feedback</u>. Any feedback or suggestions regarding the
    Application provided by you to Company, and any related intellectual
    property rights, shall be licensed to Company by you on a perpetual,
    royalty-free, worldwide, and irrevocable basis.

12. <u>Third-Party Materials</u>. The Application may display, include,
    or make available third-party content (including data, information,
    applications, and other products, services, and/or materials) or
    provide links to third-party websites or services, including through
    third-party advertising ("**Third-Party Materials**"). You
    acknowledge and agree that Company is not responsible for
    Third-Party Materials, including their accuracy, completeness,
    timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency,
    quality, or any other aspect thereof. Company does not assume and
    will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other
    person or entity for any Third-Party Materials. Third-Party
    Materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to
    you, and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and
    subject to such third parties' terms and conditions, a current list
    of which can be found at <http://thepalaceproject.org/licenses/>.

13. <u>Term and Termination</u>.

    1.  The term of Agreement commences when you download the
        Application and will continue in effect until terminated by you
        or Company as set forth in this Section 14.

    2.  You may terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and
        all copies thereof from your mobile device.

    3.  Company may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice
        if it ceases to support the Application, which Company may do in
        its sole discretion. In addition, this Agreement will terminate
        immediately and automatically without any notice if you violate
        any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

    4.  Upon termination:

        1.  all rights granted to you under this Agreement will also
            terminate; and

        2.  you must cease all use of the Application and delete all
            copies of the Application from your Mobile Device and
            account.

    5.  Termination will not limit any of Company's rights or remedies
        at law or in equity.

14. <u>Disclaimer of Warranties</u>. THE APPLICATION IS PROVIDED TO
    LICENSEE "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
    ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW,
    COMPANY, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS
    AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, EXPRESSLY
    DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR
    OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
    TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF
    COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.
    WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE FOREGOING, COMPANY PROVIDES NO WARRANTY OR
    UNDERTAKING, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND THAT THE
    APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED
    RESULTS, BE COMPATIBLE, OR WORK WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE,
    APPLICATIONS, SYSTEMS, OR SERVICES, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION,
    MEET ANY PERFORMANCE OR RELIABILITY STANDARDS, OR BE ERROR-FREE, OR
    THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.

    SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS
    OF A CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS
    MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

15. <u>Limitation of Liability</u>. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
    APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY
    OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, HAVE ANY
    LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE
    THE APPLICATION OR THE CONTENT AND SERVICES FOR:

    1.  PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS, COST OF
        SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL,
        BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY
        OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL,
        OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

    2.  DIRECT DAMAGES IN AMOUNTS THAT IN THE AGGREGATE EXCEED THE
        AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION.

    THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE OUT OF
    BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE AND
    REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE OR COMPANY WAS
    ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
    ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE
    LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

16. <u>Indemnification</u>. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold
    harmless Company and its officers, directors, employees, agents,
    affiliates, successors, and assigns from and against any and all
    losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions,
    judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs,
    or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
    arising from or relating to your use or misuse of the Application or
    your breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to the
    content you submit or make available through this Application.

17. <u>Export Regulation</u>. The Application may be subject to U.S.
    export control laws, including the Export Control Reform Act and its
    associated regulations. You shall not, directly or indirectly,
    export, re-export, or release the Application to, or make the
    Application accessible from, any jurisdiction or country to which
    export, re-export, or release is prohibited by law, rule, or
    regulation. You shall comply with all applicable federal laws,
    regulations, and rules, and complete all required undertakings
    (including obtaining any necessary export license or other
    governmental approval), prior to exporting, re-exporting, releasing,
    or otherwise making the Application available outside the U.S.

18. <u>U.S. Government Rights</u>. The Application is commercial
    computer software, as such term is defined in 48 C.F.R. §2.101.
    Accordingly, if you are an agency of the US Government or any
    contractor therefor, you receive only those rights with respect to
    the Application as are granted to all other end users under license,
    in accordance with (a) 48 C.F.R. §227.7201 through 48 C.F.R.
    §227.7204, with respect to the Department of Defense and their
    contractors, or (b) 48 C.F.R. §12.212, with respect to all other
    U.S. Government licensees and their contractors.

19. <u>Severability</u>. If any provision of this Agreement is illegal
    or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the
    provision will be amended to achieve as closely as possible the
    effect of the original term and all other provisions of this
    Agreement will continue in full force and effect; provided, however,
    that if any fundamental term or provision of this Agreement is
    invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement
    shall be unenforceable.

20. <u>Governing Law</u>. This Agreement is governed by and construed in
    accordance with the internal laws of the State of Georgia without
    giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
    Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to
    this Agreement or the Application shall be instituted exclusively in
    the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State
    of Georgia. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of
    jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
    The parties expressly agree to exclude from the Agreement the United
    Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

21. <u>Limitation of Time to File Claims</u>. ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR
    CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR
    THE APPLICATION MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE
    CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES OTHERWISE SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS
    PERMANENTLY BARRED.

22. <u>Entire Agreement</u>. This Agreement and our Privacy Policy
    constitute the entire agreement between you and Company with respect
    to the Application and supersede all prior or contemporaneous
    understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect
    to the Application.

23. <u>Waiver</u>. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising,
    on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall
    operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
    exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise
    of that or any other right hereunder. In the event of a conflict
    between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms,
    the terms of this Agreement shall govern.

Last Updated: July 2021
