# Privacy Policy

<u>Introduction</u>

LYRASIS ("**Company**" or "**We**") respects your privacy and is
committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This
policy describes:

-   The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when
    you download, install, register with, access, or use The Palace
    Project mobile application (the "**App**").

-   Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and
    disclosing that information.

This policy applies only to information we collect in this App and in
email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in
connection with this App.

This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:

-   We collect offline or on any other Company apps or websites,
    including websites you may access through this App.

-   You provide to or is collected by any third party.

Our websites and apps, and these other third parties have their own
privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing
information on or through them.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and
practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do
not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register
with, or use this App. By downloading, registering with, or using this
App, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time
to time. Your continued use of this App after we revise this policy
means you accept those changes, so please check the policy periodically
for updates.

LYRASIS never sells your personal information. LYRASIS will not use your
information for any purposes other than as described in this Privacy
Policy.

<u>Children Under the Age of 13</u>

The App is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do
not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we
learn we have collected or received personal information from a child
under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that
information.

<u>Information We Collect and How We Collect It</u>

We collect information from and about users of our App:

-   Directly from you when you provide it to us.

-   Automatically when you use the App.

*Information You Provide to Us*

When you download, register with, or use this App, we may ask you
provide information:

-   By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal
    address, email address, or any other identifier by which you may be
    contacted online or offline ("**personal information**"), solely to
    the extent that you opt-in for a virtual library card.

-   That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as
    about your physical location, if location services are enabled on
    your device.

    This information includes:

-   Information that you provide by filling in forms in the App, such as
    your library barcode and PIN. This includes information provided at
    the time of registering to use the App. We may also ask you for
    information when you report a problem with the App.

-   Records and copies of your correspondence (including your email
    address), if you contact us.

*Automatic Information Collection*

When you download, access, and use the App, it may use technology to
automatically collect:

-   **Usage Details.** When you access and use the App, we may
    automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of
    the App, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other
    communication data and the resources that you access and use on or
    through the App, on a purely aggregated basis and not specific to
    you.

-   **Device Information.** We may collect information about your mobile
    device and internet connection, including the device's unique device
    identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, and mobile
    network information.

-   **Location Information.** This App collects real-time information
    about the location of your device, solely to the extent that you
    allow such location services and only once to determine your local
    libraries.

If you do not want us to collect this information do not download the
App or delete it from your device.

<u>How We Use Your Information</u>

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us,
including any personal information, to:

-   Provide you with the App and its contents, and any other
    information, products or services that you request from us.

-   Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.

-   Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
    contracts entered into between you and us.

-   Notify you when App updates are available, and of changes to any
    products or services we offer or provide though it.

The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to
deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:

-   Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.

-   Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize
    our App according to your individual interests.

-   Speed up your searches.

We use location information we collect to provide you location-relevant
services via our App.

<u>Disclosure of Your Information</u>

We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information
that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction.

In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you
provide solely to the extent that you opt-in for a virtual library card:

-   To our subsidiaries and affiliates.

-   To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to
    support our company or our App.

-   To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture,
    restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
    transfer of some or all of LYRASIS’ assets, whether as a going
    concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar
    proceeding, in which personal information held by LYRASIS about our
    App users is among the assets transferred.

-   To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.

-   For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
    information.

-   With your consent.

-   To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to
    respond to any government or regulatory request.

-   To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
    between you and us, including the App EULA.

-   If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
    rights, property, or safety of LYRASIS, our customers or others.

<u>Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your
Information</u>

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information
you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you
to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.

-   **Tracking Technologies.** You can set your browser to refuse all or
    some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
    If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking
    technologies, some parts of the App may then be inaccessible or not
    function properly.

-   **Location Information.** You can choose whether or not to allow the
    App to collect and use real-time information about your device's
    location through the device's privacy settings. If you block the use
    of location information, some parts of the App may become
    inaccessible or not function properly.

<u>Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information</u>

You may also send us an email at <privacy@thepalaceproject.org> to
request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you
have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except
by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to
change information if we believe the change would violate any law or
legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

<u>Your California Privacy Rights</u>

If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with
additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.

California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83)
permits users of our App that are California residents to request
certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a
request, please send an email to privacy@thepalaceproject.org.

<u>Data Security</u>

We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal
information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use,
alteration, and disclosure.

The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where
we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to
certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and
mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to
protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of
your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission
of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for
circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.

<u>Changes to Our Privacy Policy</u>

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material
changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post
the new privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy
policy has been updated.

The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of
the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy
policy to check for any changes.

<u>Contact Information</u>

To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy
practices, contact us at:

privacy@thepalaceproject.org

Last Modified: July 2021
